
DepMan
This program is used to create a binary file for a departement, to modify the file of a departement or to print all the matters in a departement.

The matter is represanted as a structure with five fields(ID, name, coeff, TP and mod).
A custum assert with error meesssage is used to facilitate errors handling.

The program reads a string that reprsants the departement's name. and then it concatinate the string with the extension ".bin" and create a file name.

The programs first ask the user for his choice:
if his choice is 1 (Adding):
  A file is created. The program then ask for the number of matters and then write it onto the file.
  A loop use a counter -compared to number of matters- will itreate. and demande and write all the fields of matter structure.
  The file pointer then get closed in order to use later.

Else if his choice is 2 (Modifiying):
  A file is opened in "rb+" mode. Note that with "ab+" mode, the file can't be seeked to real BOF, and with "wb+" mode, the file get truncated. 
  The file get forward seeked by sizeof int, to skip the number of matters -printed in choice 1- at the BOF.
  The program then demandes the ID of the desired matter and search for it in the file. if the id is correct -the matter is found-, the user choose a feild to modify. The file get back seeked by sizeof of matter structure and then the matter structure with new data is written to rplace the old data.
  if the id is incorrect an error message is printed.
  The file then get closed.

Else if his choice is 3 (printing)
   A file is opened. the number of matters in the departement is printed.
   A loop iterate through the file and prints all matters with their informations.
   if the file is empty, this will be indicated.
   The file then get closed.

Else if his choice is 0
   The program free the memory used by the departement's name string and terminates.

The pragram ask the user if he wont to redo the process
Adding option is no longer there because:
  - the program added the file previously and it will just perform some editions
  - using it again, will truncate the file and causes data losing!

since adding option is removed, modifying option is #1 and printing is #2. so the option variable must be increased by one to be compatile with switch's case statements. in the case of exiting #0, it remains the same.

since adding option will be removed in the second iteration of the main loop, there is a variable intialised with 1 allows to jump seconde choice demmanding (without adding) and then it is set to 0 to not jump anything again.
in short, in the first iterration, the choices includes adding choice. after that, they do not.

Fin of DepMan.

